Refactor test runner (#159)
esl/MongoosePush: README.md

### Running tests

> One common things that you need to do *once* before running any tests is generating fake certificates for APNS/HTTPS (it doesn't matter which MIX_ENV you run this in):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One thing that you need to do *once* before running any tests is generating fake certificates for APNS/HTTPS (it doesn't matter which MIX_ENV you run this in):
```

```bash
mix certs.dev
```

Also, you'll need to have `docker-compose` installed and present in path to run any tests.

#### TL;DR

```bash
# Unit tests

> mix do test.env.up, test, test.env.down

Reviewer 2: This one-liner doesn't work for me. It returns the following message:
```
** (Mix) "mix test" is running in the "dev" environment. If you are running tests from within another command, you can either:

  1. set MIX_ENV explicitly:

      MIX_ENV=test mix test.another

  2. set the :preferred_cli_env for a command inside "def project" in your mix.exs:

      preferred_cli_env: ["test.another": :test]
```

Do you think adding `MIX_ENV=test` like in the line below is just enough (it worked for me)?
```suggestion
MIX_ENV=test mix do test.env.up, test, test.env.down
```

Or is there a better, cleaner way to prepare the one-liner?

Author: Indeed, we need to configure env explicitly when we run `test` task with other tasks that do not necessarily require/prefer test env. Thanks!

# Integration tests
MIX_ENV=integration mix do test.env.up, test, test.env.down
```

#### Basic tests (non-release)

> Basic tests require FCM and APNS mock services to be present at time of running the tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic tests require FCM and APNS mock services to be present at the time of running the tests:
```

```bash
# We start the mocks
mix test.env.up

# Now we can just run tests
mix test

> # Optionally we can shutdown the mocks. If you want to rerun tests, you may skip this step do that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Optionally we can shut the mocks down. If you want to rerun the tests, you may skip this step do that
```

> # you don't need to re-invoke `mix test.env.up`. Mocks are being resetted by each test separatly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# you don't need to re-invoke `mix test.env.up`. Mocks are being reset by each test separately,
```

# so you don't need to worry about their state.
mix test.env.down
```

#### Integration tests (using production-grade release)

> Integrations test can be run in exactly the same way as described above for "basic" tests, with one exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests can be run in exactly the same way as described above for "basic" tests, with one exception:
```

All Mix commands need to be invoked in `MIX_ENV=integration` environment:

```bash
# We start the mocks AND MongoosePush docker container.

> # This may take a few minutes on first run, as the MongoosePush docker image needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This may take a few minutes on the first run, as the MongoosePush docker image needs
```

# to build from scratch. Subsequent runs should be much faster.
# You need to call each time you make changes in the app code, as MongoosePush

> # needs to be rebuilded and redeployed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# needs to be rebuilt and redeployed!
```

MIX_ENV=integration mix test.env.up

# Now we can just run tests
MIX_ENV=integration mix test

> # Optionally we can shutdown the mocks. If you want to rerun tests, you may skip this step do that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Optionally we can shut the mocks down. If you want to rerun tests, you may skip this step do that
```

> # you don't need to re-invoke `mix test.env.up`. Mocks are being resetted by each test separatly,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# you don't need to re-invoke `mix test.env.up`. Mocks are being reset by each test separately,
```
